---
"ft:title" : "ColdFusion Application Packaging"
"ft:prettyUrl" : "compilation_CF"
---

Your ColdFusion applications must meet specific compilation requirements before you can submit them for scanning.

See [Supported Languages and Platforms](https://docs.veracode.com/r/r_supported_table) for instructions for other platforms.

<p><span style="font-size: medium;">Required Files</span></p>

Veracode requires:

-   All binary executables
-   All required libraries
-   The complete debug information for the application

<p><span style="font-size: medium;">Supported ColdFusion Versions</span></p>

|Language|Platform|Version|Compiler|
|--------|--------|-------|--------|
|ColdFusion|Deployed as Java|7–11, 2016|7–11, 2016 \(`cfcompile.exe`\)|

<p><span style="font-size: medium;">Compilation Guidance</span></p>

Veracode analyzes ColdFusion applications you compile into Java. To prepare your application:

1.  Compile the ColdFusion code into Java.
2.  Build a Java Web Archive \(WAR\) file for uploading to Veracode.

To compile your application CFML files to Java classfiles, use the `cfcompile` utility with the `-deploy` option. On Windows, you can usually find this utility installed in `c:\coldfusion8\bin` or `c:\coldfusion9\bin`. This sample command line compiles a ColdFusion application to Java:

```
"c:\coldfusion8\bin\cfcompile" -deploy c:\mycfwebroot c:\mycfapp c:\mycfappbin
```

This sample command compiles all CFML files in `c:mycfapp` and places them in `c:mycfappbin`.

<p style="background-color:#FFFCF3; padding: 12px; border-left: 5px solid #F7CD55;">
<b>Note:</b> The filenames of the generated classfiles are identical to the source filenames. Ensure the last parameter is a different location than the source directory so that you do not overwrite the source files.</p>

The `cfcompile` utility may not correctly process application pathnames with spaces. For this step to succeed, you may have to rename your application path without spaces.

Building the compiled ColdFusion application into a WAR file ensures that Veracode has the proper context for analyzing your application. To build a WAR file for deployment on an application server:

1.  Log in to ColdFusion Administrator.
2.  Choose **Packaging and Deployment** \> **J2EE Archives**.
3.  Add a new archive of type WAR. The application directory is the location of the compiled application, for example: `c:\\mycfappbin`.
4.  Place the finished WAR archive in the distribution directory.
5.  Add any related data sources.
6.  Clear the **Include CFML Source** checkbox.
7.  Clear the **Include CF Administrator**checkbox.
8.  Clear the **Disable Debugging** checkbox.
9.  Submit and wait for the WAR packaging to complete.

    The resulting WAR file might be large, at least 100 MB.

10. Upload the resulting WAR file to Veracode.
